-: Welcome back.
In this lecture, we are going to look into three
GitHub repositories available for this masterclass course.
So we'll have AWS EKS Kubernetes Masterclass
under StackSimplify, and also two more repositories.
You can see it here under the course modules,
for Docker Fundamentals, one repository,
and Kubernetes Fundamentals, one more repository.
So, in detail, you'll have everywhere, wherever you go,
you'll have a step-by-step documentation
available for all the things.
So everywhere you'll find
a detailed step-by-step instructions
including the kubectl commands you need to deploy
and the Docker images you need to execute and everything.
So all these three repositories,
you can either fork it and then log into your GitHub repo,
and then fork it so that you have everything at your place
means like at your GitHub repo,
or you can download them as a zip and then unzip
and then use it from your local desktop.
So anything is fine.
So now, if you see here, so all these things, right?
So one more thing you need to understand here
is in every of the sections, in any of these sections,
you'll find something called kube manifests folder.
So inside that only you'll find
all your Kubernetes manifests
for whatever the use case you are implementing
everything will be found there.
So when you're progressing through the course
you are going to understand in detail
but I am just trying to explain you
that the kube manifest folder is for mainly holding
the Kubernetes manifest in entire course.
This completes the introductory part
of Kubernetes Masterclass in AWS.
So we'll start with the hands-on exercises
from our next lecture.
Primarily we'll start with the creating a EKS cluster
using EKS CTL in our next lecture.
So I'll see you in the next lecture.
Until then, bye bye.
Thank you.